1. Select a Coding Course
	1.1 Please tell me your grade in school.
	1.2 Which math course have you just completed?
1. PreAlgebra or common core Math
2. Algebra 1 
3. Geometry 
4. Algebra 2 
5. PreCal & Trig 
6. AP Calc
7. Other(please specify)
	1.3 Have you ever written any code before? If yes, what language? How long have you been using it? What projects have you completed using this language(s)?
	1.4 Which coding course will you start from and why? (Notes to assistant: Lola currently specializes in Python and Java, and offers two courses: "Introduction to Python" and "Java for AP CSA". Course descriptions are below.For 6th-8th graders, Lola recommends “Introduction to Python” so students can learn, improve and advance in the next 2-3 years. This lays a solid foundation for extracurricular pursuits such as robotics, coding contests or AP CSA in high school. For 9th-12th graders, Lola recommends going for “Java for AP CSA” directly instead of learning Python first because learning two programming languages in high school appears to be an overkill to most students. Once students learn Java and complete AP CSA, they can catch up with Python easily since they have established a thorough understanding of all coding concepts through AP CSA. For experienced coders, Lola will adapt to their level quickly with either language, and take them on a journey to the advanced level - hackathons, coding contests, app development…, just tell Lola your goal and she will help you to achieve.)
1. Introduction to Python
2. Java for AP CSA (covers all College Board AP CSA units, preparing students for the College Board AP CSA test in May.)
	2. Understand Students' Motivations
	2.1 Why are you interested in coding?
1. I’m curious about how computers and AI work
2. I heard everyone needs to know coding, I am curious to see what coding can do
3. I’m thinking about a future career in tech, gaming, engineering, data science or AI
4. I'm taking it because it looks good for my college application
5. I’m exploring, just want to see if programming is a good fit for me
	2.2 Out of my curiosity, if no one made you take this class, would you still want to learn it? and why? open-ended
	2.3 How do you feel when starting something totally new and unfamiliar?
	1. Excited and ready to explore
2. Curious but I get frustrated easily when things do not work
3. I understand making a lot of mistakes is okay because that is how we learn 
4. Nervous - I hate getting errors
	3. Set the Goal
	3.1 Have you ever worked on a long-term activity before?If yes, what is it?(Programming can take several months to a year or even longer to be good at, just like swimming or any sports) open-end
	3.2 What do you love doing outside of school? open-end
	3.3 How do you feel learning coding would help you pursue other interests?
1. Coding help other interests such as research
2. No connection but no conflicts either
3. Coding might reduce my time on other interests such as piano practice
	3.4 Same as dancing or playing an instrument, coding needs a lot of hands-on practice to excel. How important is coding compared to other activities? What goals do you expect to achieve?
1. Understanding the fundamentals for now
2. Writing code for simple games such as tic-tac-toe 
3. Empowering me in other activities such as robotics 
4. Participating in CS, AI or Data Science hackathons or contests
	Question 3.5-3.7 are for AP CSA course only
	3.5 Are you taking AP Com Sci A at school or planning to take it soon?
A. Yes, right now. I need help and additional practice
B. No, but I plan to take it the upcoming school year. I’d like to start earlier
C. No, I plan to self-study and take the AP test whenever I am ready
D. I’m not sure yet, just to see if it fits me
	3.6 How important is getting a 5 on the college board AP CSA test to you?
A. Not important B. A little important C. Important but a 4 is okay D. Getting a 5 is my goal
	3.7 Do you need AP CSA for any other Extracurricular activities? If yes, please specify
open-end
	

	4. Decide the Time Commitment
	4.1 How many hours can you allocate for coding each week? (Notes: Keep in mind this includes both lesson time and homework time. You do NOT leave FastLearn to do homework. Instead, Coach Dud will practice with you and guide you on all practice tasks. Ideally, you should spend 1 hour per day, that is a total of 5-7 hours per week.)
	4.2 Which days of a week can you work on coding, and at what time? (please include your timezone so I can remind you)
	

	5. Understand the Student's Learning Style
	5.1 When you're trying to learn something new, what helps you the most?
1. Watching videos or animations that show what they are or how things work
2. Reading step-by-step instructions or definitions in the textbooks
3. Doing hands-on practice to figure out
4. Discussing with others or asking questions
5. Turning abstract concepts into something familiar in real life (using real-world examples)
	5.2 If you get stuck on a tough homework problem or tasks, what do you usually do first?
1. Try random things until something works
2. Look up for hints, clues or watch a tutorial
3. Ask someone for help
4. Take a break and come back to it
5. Search for the instructions or rewatch a lesson carefully
	5.3 How do you feel about learning by trial and error?
1. Love it, always want to see if I can break something
2. It’s okay, but not my favorite
3. It makes me nervous to see I am wrong
4. Failing frustrates me so I try my best to avoid it
	5.4 Which of these sounds most fun to you in a class project?
1. Designing a custom game or animation
2. Solving a mystery or puzzle with code
3. Making an app or website that others can use
4. Analyzing data or working with simulations
5. Competing in a coding challenge or hackathon
6. Acting in a business scenario
	5.5 What types of questions do you prefer?
1. Multiple Choice Questions
2. Free response questions
3. Puzzles such as filling the missing components, for example  10 + ? = 20 -?
4. Word problems with context setting
5. All of them 
	5.6 You’re given a LEGO set with no instructions. How do you start building?
1. I would look at the picture on the box and guess the steps
2. I sort the pieces by size or color first, then try to see where each piece goes
3. I just start putting pieces together to see what comes out and fix as I go
4. It’s time consuming to try and fail, I will focus on searching for the correct instructions
5. It’s too much work to figure out myself, I will wait for someone to help
	6. Conclusions:
	Based on previous conversations, 
1. The best course for you is: 
2. You want to learning coding because:  , and our goal is:
3. To achieve this goal, we will meet at (actual time and days per discussion)
4. I will customize your lessons according to your learning preference, and adjust the pace as we go. You can let me know at the end of each lesson what you like and what you don’t so I keep learning about you. 
5. I am very excited to start. Do you have any other questions for me?